okay rip you want to play
do you have anything
hahhhh
ohhh
Wait, Tegan would fit you very well.
sshhh (***)
Yeah.
oh yeah
Yeah, I would see that. yeah.
heeee
yeah
it is (***)yeah
I don't really know too. I feel like... I feel like it's hard.
yeah
mm
I feel like Taegon is like
master student or like senior student.
I don't know in my head like
Everyone that I know that play Tigon is all like
Like in their last couple years of college.
Yeah, I don't think I've seen high schoolers play taekwondo.
Maybe we grew up in...
Very different levels.
oh yeah
me
I feel like well cuz one I'm doing
the izai 3 right yeah but i also yeah yeah yeah
I want to learn... I eventually want to learn six.
Really? ha
I feel like six fits him
It's very, like, fiery.
yeah Do you have other things?
yeah
huh ha
oh yeah
That would be fun. Yeah. It sounds fun.
Yeah yeah yeah.
(***)
Yeah, it's like the very flashy.  It's very cool.
I don't think you should pitch the idea.
oh Really
mmmm
yeah
I think you can...
like mention it here and there but like last year I didn't really have a choice
sshhh
ohhh
Yeah, okay
huhh
But but if you're with Barney, sometimes he's a little more like me.
I see. I think. Because like the Prokofiev concerto?
Like i (***)
It was just like Farty being like, oh, you should start this.
Just get the music and start it and then I'll see you next week kind of thing
That's what I did with her. I didn't really talk with Pugosi after.
I think she found out after a couple weeks.
like after my first two weeks of learning it with Barney.
So I think yeah
Mmm
sshhh
mmmm
Yeah, yeah.
Oh ohhhh
Mmmm
Huhhhhhhh
Okay, well, (***)
yeah  it's a very lyrical  yeah yeah
That's what I did too.
She knows but like last year I didn't do any
Concerto. no park
it was all lyrical and technique
And then the last like 2-3 weeks it was like, oh you should do the percoflate first.
But I feel like
They'll probably let you start having a say a little earlier since
Yeah, masters
yeah
thats all